What's up, Rob Here
Man Vs. Pin
Have you seen this pin?
It's been floating around recently, it's the wire flower nail polish..BS
XxBroadwaygonnabexX, VoxAZ and KeraKobayashi have and went as far as suggesting it in comment's below
I dunno you guys, this looks pretty unrealistic
I mean the best part really is in the instructions when they automatically jump from
Empty flower petal to magically painted awesomeness.
Let's see what's up with this one
First up, I need to make the flowers
I'm already disliking this project
Alright, I got a couple tips online
To start I picked up some small gauge wire,
I secured a loop around the pen or if you have any sort of small circular object
I wrapped it around a few times, slipped it off
I looped the loose wire there around all of them a couple of times
I created a little stem by twisting the two wires together
I got fancy and made a leaf
Then pulled down each of my loops
And twisted them individually into a petal
Now, I'm not the master of wire crafts and this Man Vs. Pin is not about perfecting petals
In the end I got this thing, which looks more like a 4 leaf....clover
Deal with it.
So I busted out the nail polish
Just your regular run of the mill bottle
And began to paint on the leaves
Alright I'm painting the edges and hoping that I can maybe
Build up the polish somehow there and then spread it
Across..kinda making this like a...this..this thin film
Run across it..That's not..that's not working..
Um..
Every reason why you thought this pin was BS when you saw it is EXACTLY true
I even tried a different brand, a little bit more expensive, same thing
Nothing.
It's a good thing I did a little digging and found this video over on EasyMeWorld
She does it absolutely no problem
But here's the secret
Glue.
With a bottle of Aileen's glue, which she said was best, I slowly was able to build up the glue
Spread it on over the petals with Ease
No problem
Created a little film that stretched across it
Awesome
It doesn't take a lot of glue and you gotta give it a minute to get the hang of it
You just slowly carry the glue over from one side of the petal to the other
You get it after the first couple and then it gets really easy
Then I let them dry for a few hours until they turned clear
Pretty awesome
Then you easily just paint on the color you want covering the front and the back of the petal
Boom.
Four Leaf Cover
Looks..Pretty close..
You know, I'd say that this pin totally works, just gotta add that extra step of the glue and you're in business
Real quick, while I got the nail polish out,
I saw this pin from viewer MeHasCookie, suggesting this marble flower pot pin
So I thought I'd give it a shot
I got a bucket and a couple of clay pots
I filled the bucket up with water to about the height of the pots and began to add various color nail polishes
It got pretty awesome pretty fast
The paint floats up to the top, it forms these awesome pools of psychedelic color
Kinda toxic from with fumes
But still pretty cool
I dipped the pots in to the mixture and like some sort of sorcery, the paint just clings on
And secures itself..To the pot
*BLEEPING* Nuts
I did a couple of them and...they're my new favorite thing
Special Shout Out to all of you that have been leaving your pins in the comments
Remember if you've seen something out there that needs to be tested or truth-ified
Leave it below
See you next week